Very much looking forward to seeing how these develop. I am skeptical about:  1) short term maintenance - trash, dogshit, etc. 2) long term maintenance - replacing the sand once it becomes clogged every few years 3) re-educating DPW staff and the general public about these things. 4) standing water and mosquitos 5) the unknown unknowns - what happens when you infiltrate a bunch of water in medium sized point sources all over the city? sinkholes? flooded basements? green slime that reacts to human emotion? nothing? (alright, I'm actually excited by the chaotic implications, sometimes)
All valid points, of course. I don't know enough to answer them one way or another. But...  1) Dog shit is biodegradable, and will be mixed in with far more, less-toxic material, so that doesn't strike me as a huge deal, but I could be wrong. And I think the hope is that these will become little community spaces, and that someone will take ownership of them in some way, even if it's just picking out the obvious trash. Maybe that's wishful thinking, but even the most fanciful vision of street-level bioswales would include two per block, at most. It seems to me that SOMEONE would be motivated enough to at least pick up trash periodically from such small spaces. Just my opinion. You'll notice, however, that one of the bioswales has its input point blocked by...something (I didn't investigate).  2) Honest question: Does this even need to be done? If everything that washes into these bioswales is particulate matter, won't it just become part of the bioswale? Again, I'm just learning about this, so I could be completely off-base.  3) Absolutely agreed.   4) How long does water have to be standing before it attracts mosquitoes? Seems to me like the water would infiltrate long before that would be a concern.  5) These are the big questions, and obviously I have no idea. The city was engineered to carry water away from roads and homes as quickly as possible for a reason. That's not to say we can't/shouldn't find ways of naturalizing the process, just that we shouldn't forget why we built billions of dollars worth of sewer infrastructure in the first place.  Also, I'm worried about what this means long-term for development. I'm a Smart Growth guy, so I want Baltimore to be as densely as possible (while obviously allowing for well-planned green space). But once a huge vacant lot like the one at Baltimore  Mount is turned into a rain garden, does that take it off the development table forever?   What if the neighborhood rebounds to the point that someone wants to build something there - I'd say that'd be a good thing, but I think a lot of people would see that as giving our green space to developers. Even if we required that new development meet the level of SWM it currently achieves with the bioswale - will that be enough for people to be okay with it? Same goes for community gardens.   I'm not saying that every currently vacant site needs to be developed, even if that were economically feasible; but the conflict is bound to arise at some point, and I think it's a conversation worth having now.
