.
Everything looks so fresh and vibrant. My garden is gently folding into decay and winter.
Lovely! Its that a Ninebark front right??
It does look so fresh - not like almost November!
Oh, how pretty, Patricia! I love the color and so enjoying seeing your lovely garden, especially when it's so dreary here! You have such amazing beauty around you and thank you for sharing, as always!! :-))))
Oh Patricia, it's such a joy to see such a beautiful spot, brimming with lovely colours and life.  Special thanks for sharing and making our day special!
Your garden is so beautiful, at all times of the year.  I know what you mean about cutting things out and finding some surprising views.
Makes a nice backdrop, beautiful lush looking flowers and shrubs.
awesome capture!
I thought you must have a new fence!  Your garden is looking beautiful.
Lovely!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/78358180@N00] That's Hibiscus acetosella 'Red Shield' -- I don't think Ninebark grows here -- wish it would because I think it's beautiful.
Doesn't the rain makes everything look fresh!  Lovely!
Yes, the Virginia creeper does turn a nice red in fall in my yard but on the other hand my trumpet vine never has bloomed! I don't know why, maybe the location not enough sun ? I have seen trumpet vine thriving in shady spots while on walking Bailey in town. I love this view of your garden! The contrast between the limestone and the plants, the colours and textures of the foliage, the beauty of the flowers is wonderful! Your garden is truly into a second spring!
Gorgeous
That climber in some magazines images takes a bright red, but you can't have everything: concentrate of beautiful weather and warm autumn,that this year there and here is extending the summer: a gift! For the rest, the sight of these small blooms is delicious.
What an amazing garden, Patricia. The composition is stupendous and the colours are magnificent. Thanks for your visit. I'm catching up slowly.
I love all the colors in your garden!
It still makes a pretty backdrop! I didn't know that about Virginia Creeper....it get's bright red up here. This is a wonderful shot!
Your garden still looks beautiful!  I don't think I've ever seen your fence before.  My Kousa dogwood had turned a deep red before we had the frost.  The leaves turned brown overnight and it doesn't look great right now.  This morning when I went out it was still in the 30s.
What a beautiful yard!!!  and so many autumn colours in the flowers!!  Lovely!
Your garden is looking beautiful, Patricia.
It's all very nice.  I did not know that about Virginia Creeper, either. Everything looks fresh and wonderful. Now that I see your fence, I'm thinking perhaps there's a place for a passion flower vine?!  You could have dueling vines back there!  Does your trumpet vine bloom much for you?  Mine does NOT and I don't know what the deal is!  Hope yours does... as it would bring more of your pretty garden orange tones.  (and hummingbirds)
empty fence = opportunity . . . your garden looks amazing, Patricia, as always
The garden looks beautiful and you really have wonderful privacy in your little Eden!
Un vrai dlice ton jardin. Bon weekend Patricia.
That looks so attractive, I love all the hot colours, it works so well.
