sweet, love that sunbeam!Great story and beautiful shot. I head back to Germany on Saturday and I was hoping the vineyards would be full of grapes. I love the look of the vineyards at harvest time.Great shot.Beautiful scenic Claudia, love the shard of light.Tremendous!  Love the light cascading on the distant hill. Looks like a magical place.Love the composition, Claudia, great shot!very nice composition Claudia, the sky are gorgeous with the sunbeam on the hillsyou captured a great light and clouds there, well doneBeautiful story that goes with a wonderful photo!Very nIce!so lovey!  Makes me think of the vineyards back home.

silly me, this IS back home, or at least close.  should have read before commenting.  colour me homesick.Beautiful image made possible by that impeding rain storm.  Love that sun ray and the rain clouds in the back.  Gorgeous vineyards.  Wonderful seeing you and Ivan yesterday.  Great morning!!Dramatic looking sky above the vineyards.  Interesting story Claudia, thankfully you had taken your shots before the rain storm.Nicely composed image Claudia, love those sun rays shining through.Good perspective, nice lush green grasses and leaves and a dramatic sky to top it off. Nice workBeautiful lush greens! The light rays are amazing!Claudia that a great image, wonderful eye !!What an amazing capture of the sunray shining through the clouds and a crazy DOF going on here.Excellent shot Claudia, and interesting narrative.Great comp and the light rays are beautiful!!.....excellent shot Claudia!So gorgeous! Beautifully done!Stunning shot ClaudiaWonderfully saturated colours - soon to be properly saturated!! Hope you had a great time despite the weather.beautiful scene.very cool light shining down on the houses in the backdrop claudia! looks like a sci-fi scene too :Dtoo bad about all the rain but that's probably why everything is so lush and green.  Great shot Claudia.  love the ray of sunshine from the cloud.A really beautiful shot Claudia! Oh I though you won't be happy with the weather here. Next summer the weather should hopefully be better again than this season ;)you have a wonderful understanding of composition and this is a great example of that fact.