.This is a pretty view of your garden, Patricia.  I love the soft green foliage of the Acer in the foreground.  It contrasts well with the darker greens beyond.  I'm glad the thunderstorms didn't materialise but personally, I dislike high humidity and don't cope well.  Sometimes a storm can bring relief.A beautiful view of your garden Patricia, I like the  contrast  of colours and shapes. Superb!Wow! so beautiful! great shotLush, a magical place!How beautiful this different tones of green are! Great success of spring, dear Patricia!wow stunning shot! my friend pawightm(Patricia)!:)Pretty light on the foliage.
We've had heavy showers for the last couple of days but the prediction is for gale force wind and rain for a week...I'm hoping they're wrong now everything is beginning to green up we can do without that!It just went through here. Been up since four with Hudson. Think it's over now.Stunning view, by the way!Love that Acer - my fave tree variety.Lovely garden i love the mix of foliage ;-)Je raffole des beaux jardins ! Celui-ci est magnifique !I have a feeling we're going to go right from this damp cool weather, right to hot and humid.
I hope all this crazy weather doesn't totally ruin everyones gardens.How lovely. Weather gets progressively whackier each year, it seems.Everything in your shade garden seems to be thriving thank goodness! The weather everywhere seems to be topsy-turvy this year :)I think your garden looks beautiful!  I don't water the grass either.  I hope it cools off there.  It's cool and rainy here today.Your beds look beautiful as always Patricia, but speaking of lawns do you have the very tough wide bladed type of grass that they seem to use in gardens in Australia? I don't know what it is called but is much coarser than the soft grasses we have. I hope it cools down for you soon I can't stand high humidity for long it drains all your energy, I just don't know how people cope with living in places like Singaporelooking beautiful - as alwaysI love the wild look of your garden.  We don't water our lawn either, but it's humid enough here to take care of it.It's very lush and somehow on this day, your photo captures the humidity.  I see this weekend there are chances for severe weather in your area and a large swath of the country - stay safe, Patricia!A beautiful scene, Patricia - it looks so cool and refreshing, nobody'd realize it was that hot and humid!  I love the delicate green foliage of the Japanese maple that contrasts so wonderfully with the rest of the garden.wonderful shot and so beautiful garden!I agree this is such a beautiful shot and garden!Lovely color and capture, Patricia and know these beauties would handle any mugginess better than I!!!That bright green maple is lovely. Does it darken as the season goes on?Beautiful!I love your shade garden! Good for you, Patricia, for not watering the lawn. (We have gotten rid of our lawn altogether.)At our age we need easy care of our gardens, Patricia. Yours is looking good. Glad you missed the thunder.Beautiful view of your garden!