I agree with you...that's not rain!  Hopefully you'll get rainstorms that last for at least a day and night,  just like we've had here lately.The same is true here, Carlene. They've been talking about rain for a week, issuing storm warnings, etc. and I look outside this morning and see light Oregon rain. Your yard is looking wonderfully happy.And we had 8&quot; of snow today (winter is back). I'm admiring your back garden, you've got beautiful varieties of colour despite the dry climate, well done, Carlene;)Your plants look to be thriving so you must be helping them out.  I'm going to send you a picture of my backyard - it might cheer you up!  lol  I'm sorry you haven't gotten the rain you were hoping for and need.There is some talk of rain here in Michigan for Thursday, but that is not as good as it sounds.  Freezing rain!  What that often entails this time of year, are extensive power outages!  Hopefully there is another round of rain storms looming for you that is as advertised!  At least there is mostly green, although the ravages of prolonged rain shortages are readily apparent!......By the way, my old Yahoo Email account is not accessible by me.  I can probably upload and comment to a degree, on the catsmanjoe Flickr photostream but I don't have the flexibility that I formerly had by golly, so I created a new Yahoo email, together with a new Flickr photostream and user name.  So now, I go by katzmanjoe.  Sound vaguely familiar, ha ha?  Happy Monday Carlene and Benni Girl!  :-):-)I hope you get some decent rainfall soon, although your back yard does not seem to be suffering to badly from drought. Your shrubs and flowers are looking green and healthy Carlene.You have a lovely yard, I bet Benni loves sniffing around here. Hope you get some rain soon, I would be delighted to send you some of ours!**

Very green and cheerful yard! I hope the rain comes to keep all your plants happy, if not, more work to you to keep them healthy, I know how it is.Your yard is beautiful and so pretty to see the lush green! I do hope, however, you will get some good rain soon, Carlene.Carlene I know that Southern CA is in a drought, and I know how you feel, it's very distressing.  We are still in a drought here too.  But we are also living in a desert. Our soil is pretty bad unless you amend it.  We've been doing that for many years and our herb garden and the few cold frames Stu has do produce food for us.  I don't really have a flower garden (I miss that) because the soil is so bad.  I just let the wild flowers grow and I'm happy that some of them are really pretty.  The chocolate flowers are my faves.  I love when the sun hits them and you can smell warm chocolate everywhere :)You need acouple of us to come over and do a rain dance Carlene!!! It's snowing here right now...it's so gray and dreary!! I pray God sends rain to all of you needing it so badly!!You can have some of ours ;)I wish I could send you ours!The complete reverse here, but then again that is why we are a green, green, green landThe garden looks amazing and agree there is nothing like a good downpour, hope you get one soonBEAUTIFUL image ! I love all my dear friend.So sorry for the luck of rain. You have a wonderful back yard. LOL for Kerri's comment : )Thank goodness for the ground water.. Prayers for your drought to end soon!Enjoy your lush backyard green and bits of color...geraniums?  The rain will come to you eventually. I always worried about water when we lived in Pasadena with the drought being an ongoing issue. There should be a reasonable way to share water across miles.I love your back garden, those pelargonium are looking beautiful &amp; very happy. I'd be happy with a drought right now, but I know its a problem for many areas.Your back yard is lovely wit pretty flowers and plants. Sorry, that you didnt get the rain. Hopefully rain will come soon, Carlene.If I could, I'd send you the tons of snow that still covers my backyard!Oh dear - I will send you some rain from here!!