WOWHas a magical forest feel to this!Whenever I think of Oregon, I think of something like this.  Green, wet and gorgeous.  And slugs the size of shoeboxes too.  With that much green in the shot, it's reallly hard to imagine this was shot just a couple of weeks ago.  Great shooting.  I dig the comp. and the tack sharp bridge.  It looks great.  Hope you're able to go out this weekend and get some more.very nice :)That bridge is wonderful! But where are the slugs the size of shoeboxes?Looks like a place I would love to go for a hike - so beautiful!!!! Did you see a fairy???  ;-) ) Amazing composition!!! Have a fantastic weekend!!Wonderful.Mossy goodness!   You have the best hiking places in Oregon!What an enchanting place!
That wooden bridge is so wonderful. Beautiful shot Kurt!<i>Beautiful as a dream :-x
Like a fairy garden :-)</i>definitely looks magical, I love all of the details!good morning dear Kurt,
excellent compo, beautiful wooden bridge and wonderful autumn colors, love the mood, Superb capture !!! hope you had a great week Kurt, happy weekend my dear friend :)wow ......... excellent texture of the leaves of the forest, bravoLike something out of movie, it's amazing... I need to get out there and explore.Such a wonderful place........An amazing feeling here! Love the greenery &amp; light too! Fantastic capture, Kurt! Wishing you a rocking weekend! =)invitingthat bridge looks like it has been forever, since the beginning of the days
simply beautifulWhoa, so lush it is amazing!  The green ferns remind me of Hawaii, but that sturdy bridge is all Oregon.Really nice shot.wow, great photo! this looks magical!Beautifully rich textures, density, and green, green, green in all its glory! Has ocurred to me your nature images always have such a pristine atmosphere - the viewer could feel like he/she is the only one there! ;-)Totally cool!!! You have captured that greenness of the forest floor so nicely!This is processed to perfection.  I love this kind of place to walk/hike.  Fantastic lighting.  super cool shot.That almost has a tropical look to it, such a variety of greens, beautiful shot KurtWhat a beautiful landscape, such a fantastic capture!
Have a wonderful week!!! :)artisti in the title too!
magic place!!Looks like a magic wood ... a wonderful shot Kurt!!Love the atmospher of original deep forest, beautiful shot!Okay I have Twilight on the mind, b/c I swear this looks like a place where Bella and Edward would escape to.  LOL!  Or maybe a fairy tale place where I'd encounter the Big Bad Wolf!  HAHAHA!  Seriously, it's a beautiful place.  You're so fortunate to be able to experience such beauty.Oh you really have some gorgeous places, lots of rain I can tell : )
pure magic my friend
Juanlove this place!Unos colores y bosque precioso...aqu no los tenemos...por lo menos en el sur donde vivo y son muy bonitos y tu foto le resalta an mas su belleza natural...;-)Unos colores otoales preciosos...!!!!!!!!!The bridge in this shot has a nice design indeed. Loved the lights and shades of greens in this  capture. :)Wie ein verzauberter Ort, so still und bunt.
Ich mag all das Moos an den Bumen und die Stimmung im Foto!I love the colors in thisDamn dude, this is incredible.  I have to get to, well, somewhere that's not in the city soon.  This is spectacular.