All rights reserved. use without permission is illegal. *Please click on the image ~
Beautiful !!!
I was just looking for you and voila there you are. This is a beautiful view of Central Park, I don't know this one. Oh I hear you about walking etc. I wish you so many good things and thank you for your kindness and good wishes too Steve
Beautiful place in the heart of the big city of New York! Have a wonderful week ahead, Steve!
Mkemmel bir bak as ve kompozisyonu... Tebrikler Steve dostum.
Wonderful place in The Big Apple! Great shot! Wish you a fab day!
A wonderful shot, and so glad New York has this wonderful Central Park and many others - like a bit of country in the heart of the city. Glad you had a great day there with your son.
How beautiful !! Have a great week Steve ! :)
Love New York and this is a great snap of a wonderful spot, love it! Fantastic composition Steve, have a great week.
This is so beautiful ! What a wonderful shot !!  Have a fabulous new week.
Lovely scenery! A great image!
a very nice glimpse of New York !
Nice place ! So beautiful and peaceful .. Great pov and composition .. Lovely works as always ..
How beautiful it looks, Steve! :)
Wonderful composition, magical park !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love it ! Happy Monday Steve !
I've been to NYC....but would you believe never to the park?  I hope someday to go back and spend a nice long time there enjoying the beautiful sights  sounds. Thanks so much for sharing this wonderful scene today, Steve....it's truly beautiful!
Picture postcard perfect!!!
        !!   .
Look's so Quite and Peaceful.Flu Bug here..........................Tom
wow!excellent shot my friend,nice work
One of my favorite pictures of me ever was taken right about in the bottom right of this shot! Rowing boats with Ryan when we were dating, and I ended up with that willow tree attacking me. :-) Happy memories. I will look for it and post it if I find it. I promise I am not one of those crazy coaching parents on the sidelines! At this age they don't keep score yet, so I don't think anyone will get too worked-up!
It is beautiful to see and I am happy that you got there.
Beautiful scene !
Very beautiful  shot Steve...thanks for  the links,Central Park is very beautiful,such a great idea
Fantastic shot, Steve !!!
Have a nice week ahead my friend !!!
Beautiful shot, Steve. I love the Big Apple. I love NYC.
I'd visit you when I go to NY again, Steve :-)  Have a great day, dear friend. Cheers.
I'm happy you have such a beautiful trip! Happy week, dear!
great view n shot!!!
nice to walk and relax here!
stupenda
Spectacular capture!! Great composition !! Really beautiful shot!!
it looks a real delight Steve
Thanks for the info, Central Park is on my wish list.  It's a major bird sanctury!
A place I would love to visit!  You picked a wonderful spot here, Steve!  Interesting links, too.
Love the way you captured this scene!
Beautiful corner of the city. Have a great week.
delightful and very pretty Steve. enjoy your day!
Super !!
Magnifica
Great shot. Love the atmosphere here. I
Stunning shot !  I love NYC .... a very walkable city (if slowly .. LOL!) and Central Park is really beautiful.
I love New-York,your shot is really beautiful!!
 '!
fabulous place!
Que bello sitio...dan ganas de estar ahi amigo...un abrazo grande
   !!!         .    !!!!
i'm with you, new york city is incredible! nice catch
what a beautiful place...excellent shot........ Have a nice week ahead my arkadas.
wow lovely scene Steve
This really shows off the beautiful garden, water and architecture. :)
I ever saw an apartment with an architectural gem! Thats great to have a paradise (central park) amid the concert structures of New York.  Wonderful shot and view!
you made my day with this pic steve! ;-)
Beautifully composed image ! Captures the mood of this peaceful oasis in the heart of a giant city so very well . Great work, Steve .....thanks for sharing.,
Oasis in the city! Yes, very beautiful!
            ... ,!   ...!    !
How interesting, thanks. Nicely framed, and a perfect place to take a shot; so much to see. Have a lovely afternoon :o)
wonderful shot and great composition.   enjoy your days head of you.
 ,  !
spectacular view..
Now this is a wonderful shot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Stunning shot Steve !!!...=)
Fantastic view! Love this scene!
fantastica foto !!!!!!  
Perfect work!
beautifully framed with the leaves and branches ... happy weekend dear Steve ! :-)
YES! Central Park is huge! in size  (3.41 km) and is right in the middle of Manhattan!  It did not come from unused land.  It was planned to be a park from the very beginning!  You could spend several days walking around and still not cover the whole park.  It is soooo beautiful!  I am more proud of Central Park, than of anything else in New York City!  On a somber note, to the left of the building with the two tall towers, is the The Dakota (apartment building), obscured by trees, just left of center.  It is where John Lennon lived until his death on 8 DEC 1980.  Between the lake in front of us, and the Dakota, is Strawberry Field, named in his honor.          
Yes, I've been there and loved it!
It is beautiful Steve ... and fantastic with all the parks all over New York, surely greatly  needed, used and praised for many in that huuuuge and buuuusy town! Sure it must have been nice for you to be back there after so many years! :))
Beautiful classic new york
beautiful shot, would love to visit.
