This is simply fabulous!
Stunningly gorgeous!
Amazing!!!
WOW :o) I love it :o)
Wow, wow, wow.....is there anything else to say?!  (MY husband saw it and went WOW too.)
Psychedelic spiderwebs!
I think this would rate as one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen!!!
This just blows my mind! Incredible! Gorgeous! Inspired! Brilliant! WOW.
Thank You guys! You are very kind! @;)
This is so beautiful! Amazing work.
Amazing, you got my attention, your story is beautiful, your rainbow is beautiful, you fairytale is beautiful, so without knowing you i am sure to say I am positive your haert and Soal is beautiful. I am happy I found your tree , just like the rainbow. hope you dont mind me posting this link on my facebook, I want my friend to enjoy this like i did.
People in San Francisco, California are starting to Crochet different things like parking meters and light poles and bicycle racks. It makes the city more fun and beautiful... Thank you for doing the same where you are.
Oh my goodness!  This is so crazy AMAZING!! : )
so beautiful!
Thank You daisymae_cs, jess.ie, Fluffer Nutter Crafts! @;)


I love it SO much!!! Thank you for bringing more rainbows to the world :)

OMG this is freaking amazing!

I'm so happy to have found the source of this gorgeous work. I'm beyond in love with it.

Wow, Great tree.

Bad ass!
This is gorgeous. It reminds me of coral in the ocean, but it's above ground- spectacular!
Thank You Dawn! @;)  
It DOES look like coral! That is probably why I love it so much!
Swediepie and Dawn. You have right! The more I look at this picture, the more it seems a coral...So I changed the name to Crochet Coral Tree! @;)
It's fabulous! A really beautiful tree i ever seen!
You made that tree amazing! I'm totally in love! Thank you for sharing! :D

I love this, thank you for sharing it with the world! 3 Beautiful, from beginning to end, story and all. Blessings!

Hi I loooove you work. athis tree is amazing - I would love one out the front of my house. I was wondering if I could use this image on my blog? Look forward to hearing from you  Jacqueline.

Your tree is amazing!

Beautiful! If only all spiderwebs could be so colourful!
You are an inspiration!

Thank you for sharing your stunning inspiring work in  The Inspiration Group  your work has inspired me today     
-- Admins Award  ------------------- Thank you for sharing you stunning work in  The Inspiration Group  Please tag you photo   The Inspiration Group   
Brilliant and Awesome gorgeous!!

Stunning - what a magical piece and beautiful story!!!! Can you come to New York!!

I just sent a link to your tree to my sister to help her visualize about yarn bombing as they are calling this sort of public display of knit or crochet.  I read your inspiring commentary and the fairy tale again and it would make a lovely children's book. (You could write it and illustrate it! I'd buy it for my grandtwins!) I simply adore this tree and captivated at the effort and thought that went into it. So amazing! I hope you are doing more of these; they are such a gift to observers. 
Amazing!!!

Brilliant, brilliant, so wonderful!
Ok, my facebook comes up, not yours,
