And you found it, very nicely dear Lynn !
Lovely Light and Focus!!
So lovely and delicate and all small and fighting all this flood is over us lately! Beautiful bright color in a gloomy day. I hope the sun will shine soon in your garden too ;)))
really beautiful Lynn...x
Wonderful photo. Excellent shot, Lynn
Lovely image of these daisy buds and one making it's grand entrance!!! Luv the raindrop accents on the buds and leaves... a lovely capture dear Lynn!!! Wishing you a blessed week my friend... hugs from Texas!!!
a refreshing capture Lynn, love the raindrops :)
I love the flower opening with all the buds around it!  I hope you're having a good day!.
Flowers in the rain, lovely! Best wishes from England!
wonderful capture lynn!! have a great day, take care :-)
Beautiful Daisy peeping out    Lovely shot Lynn
Outstanding!!!
Wonderful image
So very lovely Lynn! have a lovely Wednesday!
pretty wee daisies!
Just so lovely dear Lynn,eddie,xxxx
this has a mysterious feel to it, Lynn,,,,, :-).. perfect title,,,, I love this,,,,,, I hope you are enjoying your day xx
Very sweet! I have a lily in the rain to post if I can get around to it!
    
Beautiful
Beautifully taken Lynn.
Why not have a look at our selected Photo of the Week ..HERE...   Your shot really is a Living Jewel of Nature     If you have received 8 Awards: Post your photo here 8 Awards thread   Please remember to COMMENT on 2 photos..Sweeper running.
Why not have a look at our selected Photo of the Week ..HERE...   Your shot really is a Living Jewel of Nature     If you have received 8 Awards: Post your photo here 8 Awards thread   Please remember to COMMENT on 2 photos..Sweeper running.
That poor little daisy does look like it's hiding.. Interesting shot, Lynn....
cute saying...... nicely photoed , nice use of lighting .... hope all is well .... Hugs dear Lynn xox
  
love the greens in this Lynn! Hope you are well, I am not taking many photos these days, I have just posted two oldies!
Gorgeous image Lynn. xx
Very nice !!  You Are Invited To Add This Image To:  Dragon Gold Award 
Daisies are a great flowers, Lynn! Enjoy your evening :)
Lovely shot and like the buds around the open flower!!
CONGRATS !!! YOUR PHOTO IS FANTASTIC! 
Well spotted and caught.  Love the shadow play.
Wonderful lighting in this delightful image Lynn
how beautiful  and  the daisy is so pretty too   i would  love to  stroll    thru  your  garden with you    HAPPY DAY MY SWEET GF ;)
Great shot...my friend! congratulations Lynn!
Beautiful capture of this sweet little daisy in the rain Lynn!
Love your title Lynn  Why not have a look at our selected Photo of the Week ..HERE...   Your shot really is a Living Jewel of Nature    If you have received 8 Awards: Post your photo here 8 Awards thread   Please remember to COMMENT on 2 photos for each one  you post, if you have not already done so.
lovely peeping flower
very nice shot
Wonderful shot, Lynn !!!!!!!
Splendid Capture Lynn.
  
Such a pretty capture Lynn, sounds like you are getting load of rain lately, I hope the weather improves for you soon !!
Hello, I'm a moderator in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only) group.   Your picture is beautiful  we would love to have this added to our group!  Your picture is beautiful, you are invited to post this to NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)     NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
Why not have a look at our selected Photo of the Week ..HERE...   Your shot really is a Living Jewel of Nature     If you have received 8 Awards: Post your photo here 8 Awards thread   Please remember to COMMENT on 2 photos..Sweeper running.
Why not have a look at our selected Photo of the Week ..HERE...   Your shot really is a Living Jewel of Nature     If you have received 8 Awards: Post your photo here 8 Awards thread   Please remember to COMMENT on 2 photos..Sweeper running.
beautiful tones
No hiding from Lynn though, well captured
Lovely!
Welcome to this group: Colored Petals' Garden.    I saw this beautiful image in Colored Petals' Garden.  After your photo has 3+ awards, please add to this linked gallery.
It's a beauty, Lynn!
Gorgeous ;)
    thank for sharing
Amazing composition! Love the nice contrast and the perfect focus, dear Lynn! Have a nice weekend!
Beautiful!  This is truly !Your Best Shot! (POST 1 per week ~ COMMENT 1)
CONGRATS !!! YOUR PHOTO IS FANTASTIC! Thanks for sharing Seen in: Your best / most seen photos on Flickr P 1 A 2      Your best photos seen on Flickr P 1 A 2     Be fair and award two pictures on the first 2 pages.of the group pool. Thank you! 
Please use (copy paste) the following text if you would like to comment on images, slide shows, and videos from the WORDS in PHOTOS  ART pool.    Seen in WORDS in PHOTOS  ART     (post 1 ~ comment 1)
