Interesting mix of warm and cool colors!
Postprocessed? No matter, a great work!
This shot is great, really I do mean it. thank you, i like it.  -- Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)
S View : Thanks for your visit and comment.  Rafik B : Thanks Rafik!  V@#ID: Thank you fo visiting my photostream and comment.
Awesome shot!  I'm so enjoying your pictures of Iran.
it takes to me the socks  off. I am totally inspired.  most masterly...
u have arrived FF! u have
Now that IS seasonal . Well done !
This is wonderful. Really great
desert rat : Welsome to my photostream, and I'm happy that you are enjoying my photostream of Iran.  Frits : Thanks for that compliment. But remember, when Van Goh was in Arles he was almost at the peak of his insanity..:)  smiksmak : I'm happy that it inspires you. Thank you.  tuqpiruq : LOL....funny comment as usual....  pet aud :  Thanks Pet, for 'feeling' THE season.  H_ Masoumi :  Thanks to your country too, for having great subjects to capture.
Lovely colours. You really are giving us a Grand Tour.
I creative : I love to share my travel experience thru my photos.  ANd thanks for being part of it.
I Music : thanks so much. Happy that you like it too.
very beatifull snow :)
yusuf i : Thanks for your comment.
great job ...
lossy : Thanks, feels great when you appreciate it.
The colours are amaizing, great shot.
dave the greek : Thanks for your amazing comment.:)
A beauty! lovely singular image....
summer and Rose : I'm happy you like it.  Thanks for the credit,Rose.
fantastic colors
prokovjew M e R - Thanks for your comment and visit.
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Iranian explored photos, and we'd love to have your photo added to the group.
vahidak : Thanks for the invitation.
This photo is so...  F A B U L O U S !   Please tag this with: Fabulous!
anna : Thanks for your visit!
I love the orange color in the street.......... This photo is so...  F A B U L O U S !   Please tag this with: Fabulous!
This photo is so...  F A B U L O U S !   Please tag this with: Fabulous!
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *TRANSLUCENT*, and we'd love to have your photo added to the group. This photo is so...  F A B U L O U S !   Please tag this with: Fabulous!
alf : Thanks for your good comment!  kagedfish : Thanks for your visit.  flickrolf : Thanks for your visit and invitation.
wonderful ,beautiful colore....
fridolin : Thanks so much!
Excellent work! Great!
nasseh: Thanks for your compliment!
Oh wow, those colors are so vibrant! I love this.
le shirin : Thanks so much for commenting on my Iran photo!
I just LOVE Tabriz winters, Thank you for your nice photo...
tanrice : Thank you for your comment and visit!
oooooooooooooo   cool
m.kamran : It is also very cold!! :)
Beautiful .. Beautiful!!   -- Seen on your photo stream. (?)

