Nice title and composition too!  The Nature Group
Such tortured beauty in those twists and turns. Great photo.  -- Seen in N A T U R E  [no limits] (?)
  SHINING STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  
(Everywhere walks) awwesome
This Image is one of my favorites on One Of A Kind pool  Visited via 'One of a kind'.
This brilliant photo is like a shooting star, splendid!   SHINING STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  
Great composition....., my friend  !!
i love the ccomposition!!!     Your Photo Wins a Heart   From Heart Awards Group 
Wonderful! Seen in What I Love! Group 
Beautiful. Thank you for the comment :-) NaturesFinest Please add this great photo to Natures Finest Tag your photo with NaturesFinest Invited with SIC
Estupenda foto. Saludos desde Chile.- Your photo is definitely Primera Clase!!! First Class Shots!!!, Please add it to our group
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE this photo.
 SEEN AT:   Big Trees and Falls of the World (save the planet !)    I love treeees.......your tree!
Not really one for The Sun Is Drawing, but it's a beauty, so.............  Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours! Citrit group     This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer! Please add your photo to  Flicker Diamond The Diamond Class Photographer Read the group rules please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamond -- Seen in Wildcard The Sun Is Drawing (?)
Pretty!!!
Thank you all very much! :) :)
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE this photo.
(Everywhere walks)
Lindssima! Beijos
Sorry to inform you, but your photo has temporarily been removed from the Champagne Moments pool. Reason, No comments on the two photo's to your right Please read the rules and then repost your photo only if you agree with them
Hi Ann! :) don't be sorry. it i who should be. If i had read the rules I would not have adhered to the group.  I don't adhere to competitive groups.  I am in the flickr for pure pleasure and my groups have minimum rules.  To yours I adhered for education. I received a concvite.  I lament but i quit.   Be well! :)  Madalena
One more thing Ann, when i have a problem in my groups I use to solve it by the Flick rmaill .   Don't you think that is nicer? think  about it. if youwant...   Sincerely yours   Madalena
One more thing Ann, when i have a problem in my groups I use to solve it by the Flick rmaill .   Don't you think that is nicer? think  about it. if you want...   Sincerely yours   Madalena
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 4 Seasons / 4 Estaes, and we'd love to have your photo added to the group.
