The World Through My Eyes
beautiful Madalena!     This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer! Please add your photo to  Flicker Diamond The Diamond Class Photographer Read the group rules please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamond
  I saw this in Photos to Smile About 
Great capture.  This is an Amazing Shot!!
special green composition, lovely work!
Great shot! Very interesting graphically.
beautiful green.  1-2-3 nature
Beautiful light and colours. Great composition! A Class
awesome shot    You are definitely a Nature Watcher! Pls tag your photo Nature Watcher Congratulations! You're eligible for PHOTO CONTESTS
 This is an Amazing Shot!!
  I saw this in Photos to Smile About 
This is an invitation to add your Ultimate shot at ~~ POPs Gallery for Ultimate Shots ~~ by Invitation only    It would be an honor to have it in our Pool of Ultimate images.
Isto  que  uma vida!!! E eu a espreitar todos os dias no ipernity e a pensar porque razo terias deixado de postar. Hoje, completamente por acaso passei aqui e qual o espanto, no s pelas lindssimas fotografias mas tambem por adorar rever-te... Para a prxima... pelo menos avisa! Muitos beijinhos
beautiful composition and color ...one of my FAV's ...  seen in the flickr photo award group
Very beautiful!
Beautifully framed.  In the thumbnail, I thought it might be an open  kiwi.  What a surprise.  What a beautful photo.
  PREMIO OBJETIVO
it makes a terrific pattern with its lines and lighting
I love the lines and colors.  I saw this in Challenges and Comments
Thank you  all Very much.  Muito obrigada.  ol Paula. eu hei-de voltar para l. bjinhos
Wonderful.  -- Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)
Bem visto, excelente composio.
Such pretty light and shadows! Excellent!
Super shot. Well seen.    Please add your Beautiful Photo to: Beauty is in the *Eye* of the Beholder! 
nice lines and forms, good composition
waaw  amazinG:)
