fantastic shot!!! The Nature Group   I saw this picture in The BIG ONE...
lovely.I've got this plant but never saw it flower !  You are definitely Flower Watcher ! Please add this photo to
I saw this in Challenges and Comments
Cool!
wow, such a beautiful plant.  yum I saw this in Challenges and Comments
Linda composio e belos tons! Espectculo!!!
  You are definitely a Nature Watcher! Pls tag your photo Nature Watcher Congratulations! You're eligible for PHOTO CONTESTS  -- Seen in Nature Watching (Post 1 : Award 2) (?)
Wonderful!   Master Photos group   NaturesFinest Please add this great photo to Natures Finest  Tag your photo with NaturesFinest
A wonderful capture of the varied textures.  Nice. -- Seen in Cartel *  ( Y/G ) - Yellow or Green ( No Red No Blue) (?)
Excellent image  Seen in my contact's excellent photostream Please post this beauty to:
nice details  This is definitely a Fabulous Flower! 
Excellent shot. Like it very much.
-- Seen in Natures Finest (Invite Only Post 1 Comment 2) (?) NaturesFinest This is really one of Natures Finest!! Commented with SIC
Excellent shot..beautiful
 I saw this picture in The BIG ONE...  Like the natural colours, textures and shapes.
Thank you all very much. :)  Muito obrigada a todos. :)
This is very interesting and unique.  I like the foliage and the flower is a nice contrast.  Good shot! -- Seen in Madalena and her flag (?)
very nice
Great shot Madalena..these cycads grow wild here  you made a fab shot,,,hugs    william  Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as Superb MasterpieceYou are invited to add your wonderful picture to Superb Masterpiece GroupPlease read the Group Rules and tag your photo SuperbMasterpiece
Interesting composition.   I have seen your Superb Masterpiece Picture in: Superb Masterpiece Group - Invited photos only Commented with SIC
(Everywhere walks)
Fantastic!
   I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE this photo.  -- Seen in All You Need Is Love (?)
superbe!!  
Fantastic image!  So beautiful!   I LOVE LOVE LOVE this photo.
Muito linda esta foto! Parabens
Third Place Award-   *Excellent Photographer Awards*   Awards will look like-
