Yesterdays Venetian watery wonderland  
That is a beautiful piece of work, Jim and not as easy to do as you make it sound.  It came out splendidly.  That tree is amazing.  I don't have any green space right now so I have to keep creating some.:)  Know what the best part of this post is?  I can actually hear your voice reading it in my head.:) x

A very lovely reverse oasis maybe, given all the water flowing through the city recently? the hypotenuse of a triangle of visual tranquility - wish I had thought of that!!
Climb up and lose myself in my thoughts : ))
Those are fabulous looking trees!  Thanks for sharing :)
Lovely shot Jim, love the old trees and the detail just fabulous :) This is really WOW   Congratulations!!!
Beautiful trees and processing. There are so few places like this left in SoCal.
Love this.. those trees are amazing
Great work Jim, I would never have know this was 2 shots! Was this area flooded also?
Just read your comment... NO NO!!! Don't try to upstage my globe... I'm already getting trounced by Charlie Is Here!!! :-0
Oh, what the heck... Bring it on!!!
An excellent job of stitching Jim.  Superb work and a lovely peaceful looking scene, in fact amazing for a city.
Great work stitching the two photos. That tree is very impressive. A worthy subject.
A very familiar scene.....I love how you've captured it.
Nicely done.  Looks seamless.  I know it is very hard to deal with the light shadow contrast in this kind of scene.  But it's rather balanced in your photo.  There is a hugh magnolia in Balboa Park in SD, which I contemplated taking a photo, but then thought to myself that I don't have a big enough camera. :)
Wonderful words to describe this very interesting image of a lovely place.Those fig trees look HUGE.
Nice that your city has saved many of its larger and older trees ... a tribute to your city!! Bravo!!
A nice panorama shot Jim....sadly most of the cities here in the U.S  have little space devoted to parks. I think it's a question of money.  Parks don't pay taxes.............everyone else does.
Wonderful trees and great stitching!
I wouldn[t say it's two shots ... marvelous oasis !
Its so important to leave green space but alas, but many developers do not take this into account. Of course the price of city centre land has probably something to do with this! This looks a wonderful place in the middle of your city Jim.
