like this shot....
Parece que eu j passei por a, mas no me lembro direito. O lugar no  estranho. Mas a foto ficou bonita sim. Esse morro ajudou muito.
well i like it, because it has your usual sweet range of muted and burnished colours
Great place and shot!!!!!it is so nice to have beautiful memories! :)
Excellent light.
Beautiful ! :-)
Lovely shot!
This is a very pretty shot.
Love the angle on this - and the golden leaves!  Wonderful shot - and caption!
You DEFINITELY captured the warmth of a neighborhood, here. Good job !!!
Imagino que voc more nesse paraso, Osvaldo!!! Que inveja!
lovely
An excellent well presented and composed image.  Have a great weekend.
belas cores! :)
Beautiful light and colors on the landscape and the trees on the foreground, and the photo definitely transmits a very happy mood. I like the street lights and the detail of the people walking down the street! Here in Ireland it's raining buckets right now!
Great street shot, excellent composition with the road and girls, beautiful light also. Have a good day and keep smiling (I have nothing new).
hola!!! bonita imagen ah gracias por tus comentarios un abrrazo.
Nice scenery. Beautiful place to visit.
Excellant! What an interesting and well composed image. I understand your feelings when attached to a photo. I see the signs of a warm summer evening and with it comes the memory of hanging out when I was a teen, and that was not yesterday. They say a good photo is supposed to envoke feelings and to me you have done this wonderfully.
Friend Osvaldo, photography is special, especially because you are sharing with us is a beautiful place, as an illustration is a great concept.  ... Congratulations and a hug!
Nothing better then hanging out laughing and just enjoying friends company! Lovely shot!!
Linda Foto
Great shot and composition. Great light and colour too
beautifully captured great colors great perspective  nicely done
Knowing why it's special to you made it special for me. Thanks.
I like it!
Beautiful view.
Buen disparo!! Saludos.
Beautiful capture.
beautiful..great light  colors..excellent capture !
I like it...it is beautifully composed and lovely sentiment attached to it... I had a beautiful Sunday afternoon hanging out with my best friend, mine was much the same...full of laughter~joy~and relaxation...after all that's what Sundays are for right?
Wow, que demais! :O Adorei. *-*
It's very lovely!
It is a very lovely scene my friend I love the sun on the trees and the lovely misty looking background.
hello my friend! yes, it's been a while! how are you? if it's special for you, then it's very important, save it like a treasure! :) I can understand you feelings.. that's why this photo is special to me too :)
Wonderful place and a brilliant shot !!!
Thanks for sharing! Nice shot!
Bonita composio de uma cena bem caracterstica.   O ponto de tomada de vista e a luz dourada do entardecer, a permitir ver desde o grupo que goza o momento do tempo e da cavaqueira (no sei se esta tem o mesmo significado por a) at a um horizonte belo e abrangendo um outro mundo mais vasto do que o da rua que desce por entre as rvores, oferecendo ao observador a possibilidade de espraiar o olhar e, ao mesmo tempo, observar todas estas componentes. Gostei e recorda-me tempos em que nas noites quentes de vero se gozava este prazer da conversa na rua e o passagem do tempo ainda no tinha sido afectada pelo stress de quem hoje vive nas cidades.
I like it too, I have the same feeling as you mentioned in your description...about togetherness, friendship, laughters, a warm sunset in the sky...
excellent...great perspective, colors and lighting
this Amazing Work deserves a Crown !   Royal Group, +24'500 Flickers wear the Crown ! 
This beautiful picture is quite rightly chosen for EXPLORE. Congratulations!  See:
This brilliant photo is like a shooting star, totally inspiring!   SHININGSTAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  
Thanks for sharing with us: Gnn En yisi - The Best of Day (Post 1 - Comment 3)
great shot nice light
this is extremely Good:)  Congratulations! from  * Beautiful Shot   
like it
you have been invited to join  !! High Quality Images    Qualified Members Only
Good work! I like it!!   !! High Quality Image    Qualified Members Only
beautiful perspective  composition. fine shot! love the colors too.
Nice work!   !! High Quality Image    Qualified Members Only
You deserve   Thanks for sharing !
how are you my friend?...all right?....nice this shot.... ..
I completely understand--love the view and that light!  This Beautiful lmage  Was Viewed In:    Quality Pixels
Wonderful capture, great light
Thanks for sharing with us: Gnn En yisi - The Best of Day (Post 1 - Comment 3) THAT EXCELLENT PHOTO IS FOR MY FAVOURITES!.. Congrulations...
timo
it must be so hard to ride a bike there... nice vibrance my friend :)
I like it :)! Wish you a nice week ahead!
everybody are talking to death. the ladies add a lot to the image.  excellent moment! fantastic atmosphere! the hint of mist is really pleasant!  the scene conveys a strong sense of movement! thanks for sharing!
Excellent work amico mio!
You deserve   Thanks for sharing !
very nice perspective with beautiful warm tones
Very beautiful picture with great perspective and colors !
gostei da perspectiva (:
 Comentada en Los mejores momentos de tu da. Commented on Los mejores momentos de tu da
  What a Colourful shot  !  We saw this great work in  ** ColourVisions**  Post 1 - Comment 1
Beautiful place! Ciao
The photo is really nice and especially since you connect it to your friend. You sound like a caring person.
    a_camera_never_lies 
Que bella Imagen vista en :    Cmaras y Accin  SUBE 1 COMENTA 3 
Que bella Imagen vista en :    Cmaras y Accin  SUBE 1 COMENTA 3 
This photograph is truly worth A Thousand Words! 
maravilhosa suas fotos ;) adorei essa .
Discovered! by   commented with FlickrComment
i like the feeling to this picture
 Vista en grupo FLICKR ESTRELLAS,  agrega 1 Premia 6 agrega la etiqueta Flickr Estrellas en tu foto
not a bad shot, but a little washed out. *From the Comments! group.*
fine view, good composition original and good composition, Gezien in De Doka
 THANKS FOR SHARING  Eye Candy Art Post
Es impresionante esta imagen, Osvaldo. El ngulo de la perspectiva es el ms idneo. Perfecto encuadre. Un abrazo.
Score 5/20 (from the Score My Portrait group)  20 ----- PERFECT! Great impact, composition  technicals excellent.  18-19 - GREAT SHOT! Great impact, possible minor flaws. 15-17 - GOOD WORK. Good impact, composition  technicals.  11-14 - ABOVE AVERAGE. Some, but not all good qualities.  10 ----- AVERAGE. Mediocre or significant improvement possible.  7-9 ---- BELOW AVERAGE. Lacks appeal for certain reasons. 4-6 ---- NEEDS WORK. Major improvement required. 2-3 ---- VERY POOR. Attributes are not repairable. 1 ------- DELETE IT. Just delete it from your hard drive.
 This photo definitely deserves a Bronze Trophy!       FLICKR BRONZE TROPHY GROUP  Post 1 comment 5
b Thank you for adding your photo to the group Gracias por agregar tu foto aL grupo:   
Score 9/10 from the Score Me HDR group
Magnifique photo..............
you did really and very well convey the lazy and cool sunday late afternoon atmosphere in this shot! I also like the light here : soft and warm indeed! congrats!...;-)
Score 6/10 from the Score Me HDR group    
This is gorgeous! I love the perspective as well.
Wonderful perspective and colors!
Cool shot. Thanks.
Wonderful shot...Excellent view
Great pov!
Lovely warm tones, incredible focus and perspective... a great picture!
Bonita foto para un bonito sitio,no me importara perderme por all.
Super shot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a just wonderful!  Please check my photos here And add me as a contact here
very nice mood here ;)
Warm light and tones in this image really enhance the moment you've captured of this friendly familiar street . Lovely 3
Excellent lighting.
Wonderful shot!
essa luz nas folhas ficaram lindonas, ein?
Excellent, classic composition !
What a nice place...and,of course, people!!
great perspective!
otima composicao!
nice composition
So beautiful!!!
A great scene and a wonderful shot!
I took a quick tour through you photos, and I like your work. You have a good eye.
