A fine ode to urban nature in prose and imagery.   I saw this picture in The BIG ONE...
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called My best urban photos, and we'd love to have your photo added to the group.  Brilliant work.  great framing
Very interesting...good balance...   COMMENTSCOMMENTSCOMMENTS 
COMMENTSCOMMENTSCOMMENTS  I'm impressed. I can't take night shots to save my life. This is really cool, and the contrast of the colors of the leaves and the building is really interesting.
Great night scene. COMMENTSCOMMENTSCOMMENTS
Cool shot  I saw this picture in The BIG ONE...
very nicely framed
Good shot with right framing - the light on leaves came out really well.   COMMENTSCOMMENTSCOMMENTS
Beautifully shot -- Seen in *THE BIG ONE (post 1 - comment/fave 3)* - New Contest: RAIN! (?)
 I saw this picture in The BIG ONE...  -- Seen in *THE BIG ONE (post 1 - comment/fave 3)* - New Contest: RAIN! (?)
cool! An Awesome Shot Award You are invited to add this image to An Awesome Shot! ~CONTESTS~ Enter/Vote now Please tag the photo with AnAwesomeShot
great, wonderful, amazing,awesome picture!!! thanks for sharing this
Bravo!
So gorgeous!  --
Really like this one - it's unique.  A lot of city photos seem so bleh.  And I like the colour of the leaves on the tree. :)
Elegance
Good stuff!
Excellent!
great capture! wonderful perspective.
Hi Kal, wonderful shot and composition! Have a nice week :)
Unique view of the Pru
Just great!
Wow Great Picture Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Urban Photographers and we'd love to have your photo added to the group.
Nice eye to find this spot
A very nice photograph!   Please participate to our trees from my neighbourhood contest.     Each winner will be have a real tree planted in their name in Africa! Thank you!
SHARE THIS PHOTO WITH US! hey! I just started a flickr group mainly focused on urban biodiversity but also on outstanding general nature photography and I would love your photo to be part of our collection.  To become a member and add photo work, find us at     Take care xXx cubeorg.blogspot.com
Nice shot! the leaves on the trees are great looking! And I just love the Pru!
