amazing shot
Beautiful shot.. You back? Hope you had a good time x   Posted Via Flickr Photo Explorer iPhone/iPad App
incredibly beautiful street!
Wonderful composition! Soooo nice!  Christine, answering to your question in my photo, I don't think that particular species of cuckoo has the same behaviour of some of its cousins. According to Wikipedia It nests off the ground in vegetation, and the typical clutch is 24 eggs laid in a large nest built from stalks and leaves. But the cuckoos which we have in Portugal do that! :)))
Amazing pictures and colours but so pretty gorgeous  photo
These trees are beautiful! Happy Valentine's Day to you Christine.
Amazing DOF   the trees look amazing and lush green. Very nice converging point.   Beautiful place and awesome shot.
Great shot   Just wonderful................! Thanks for your visit
Very nice photo!!! Have a nice day my friend
Wonderful point of view, light and colours!!!
Also from my recent visit to South Africa:  
I really like the variations of green in the trees. A fine photo.
Amazing! If those cars weren't there, it would look just like taken from some fairy-tale book...
you've made your point - lovely image :)

Yes, it's an absolute stunner.  Very well exposed, also.
That is a great shot and really shows Joburg at it's best!  Gorgeous!
wow awesome view ---im trying to make it to Africa this winter
excelente
wow! stunning :) must be a great place to live :)
These are my roots (no pun intended). I've never been, but both parents were born and raised in 'Joburg' as they called it. They never showed me pictures, never had any, but said it was more beautiful (Johannesburg, and the country whole) than any place they had ever been. Now I see what they meant...  This is beautiful... Great shot!

beautiful capture! :)
Great shot, looks like a gorgeous place
The trees are really big ;-)  Wonderful perspective !
i love the bordering! its like theres a border automatically! great! :d
Wonderful composition. Ciao Christine
What amazing trees :) that's beautiful! :)
beautiful!
These trees are so imposing. !
