Amazing work!
Great shot , colors and processing !!!
Wow that is a seriously great looking tree, excellent image :o)
Tolle Bearbeitung! Farben und Kontraste sind super!
oMG  this is so stunning
Perfekte Aufnahme mit toller Bearbeitung. Gefllt mir sehr gut.
a very interesting tree.. and very nice HDR.. well done
Excellent work my friend ! Beautiful capture !!
Great shot. Beautiful big tree.
Beautiful! :)
See my comment on the other which applies to this image.
What a totally cool tree!  Love it.
Eine klasse Aufnahme ! Mir gefllt diese Variante besonders !
Lovely shot, great perspective  colour.
wunderschn... klasse Bild
woderful, trees are wise
I think trees have Souls....BEAUTIFUL photo!
Definitely a Lord of The Rings scene!   Brilliant effect ... well done!
Wunderbare Aufnahme - gute Arbeit!!!!!!!!
Wonderful tree  presentation!
excellent
Albero centenario davvero incredibile. Bella ripresa.
Superb...!!!
It's a wicked tree Ben! A really cool find.  I posted a picture of tree branches a while ago, called it the lungs of our planet - for good reason!
superb, excellent details~
gorgeous greens Ben...the composition and POV is delightful...nicely done
Beautiful Capture. Superb Processing.
sehr schn, grn gefllt mir besser.
awesome!
Impressive tree and a spectacular view!
amazing tree. Great processing
Wow, that's one impressive tree. Nice shot
Uau, great processing and a very beautiful capture!!!
superb tree!
Beauty ... that green is delightful!
lovely  [
I like your green version the most :-) Awesome shot!
amazing!!!!
Fabulous tree, wonderful image, so nice image processing!!!
awesome work with great details...
great shot
First, this is a spectacular image... truly a beautiful tree!! Second, I don't think you are crazy for posting  winter shots during summer days or spring shots in autumn, etc... makes one appreciate the beauty of  every season... you know us human beings, we always think the grass is greener other times and other place... Third, I whole heartedly agree about your comment regarding cutting of trees... it is a crime in every way!!!!
what a brilliant shot of an amazingly beautiful tree!
Sieht aus wie ein zu gro geratener Bonsai, mir gefallen diese warmen Farben und das lichtdurchflutete Bltterwerk sehr gut!
awesome pic and edition!!
i like this edit very very much!
Again I like them both, super colours and detail The tree reminds me of the Harry Potter film, forget which one now! Another great shot Ben!!
So beautiful with the spring growth. Thanks.
great shot and awesome PP
I like your green version the most !! Great shot Ben !!! Thanks !!!
What a tree...excellent work!!
Nice shot!
great shot, like a maze
great tree
Bello monumentun green. Excelente trabajo. Ciao.
Fantastic!
Awesome work!
bella fotografia
It looks like a painting. Just incredible.
Superbe arbre !!!
Wunderbare Arbeit! Cette photo a t vue et apprcie sur le groupe Aimez vous les Fleurs? 
Wow
nice editing love it.. and nice March for me too.
superb !! love the color   saturation
from the fairy forest.
Very nice!!!!!
Love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Excellent!
Really love this one
Nice image 
Awesome too!
Very beautiful shot of a big tree.  Love the HDR processing!
Amazing tree! Very nice shot
lovely image Ben
Did you just have a exact same shot from different time of the year? oh, this is stunning ! Have a nice day too :)
What a wonderful tree, I love the PP.
Really stunning image and excellent processing
Fantastic tree and work (*-*).
Wonderful HDR work and great point of view. By the way my friend, thanks for the awesome comment to my photo and wishes for explore. Just to let you know, it did make it today. Great blessings.
This image was lovely, great job, loved it! Bealtiful capturing and editing, thanks for visiting my album, congratulations and a hug from a friend of Brazil.  
Los tonos de esta me parecen ms naturales que en la otra. Es un rbol espectacular y el tratamiento que le das a la foto lo realza, bravo !!
beautiful
Un treball magnfic.!!
Very beautiful!
; )
Your work is very inspiring my friend! (-8 Excellence!
Excellents colors !!!  
fantastic capture! the colors are amazing :)
i just wanted to say that i agree with you completely about the western world cutting down the trees we need to survive, and destroying the centuries-old way of life for people, such as in Papua New Guinea.  it is a tragedy that is irreversible, and i feel very strongly about it.  beautiful image, and even more beautiful message.
I'm  so glad I found the autumn tree in its summer garb. Either way, the elegance and beauty of its formations shine through...the leaf colour is but the icing on the cake.
Both are stunningly beautiful, light, colour and composition. Photographic ART...White Wall
amazing tree
A superb image!!
Wow Fantastic and incredible photo :-))
Inspired tree
I love trees so much! great work!
I like the Summer one - it reminds me of the Magic Faraway tree :)
Majestic view !!!!
This tree immediately brought to mind the Ents for me, as well.  I prefer to sit on the floor or a soft couch, or even better yet, on a nice, low, wide tree branch, than on wooden furniture . So I agree with your comment.
What a magnificent tree.  A million dollar tree.
fantstico   
I want to go here
That's gorgeous! I love the 'autumnized' version of it, also! You can almost see the history swirling around this tree...
the original is also stunning great job with the autumn  colors it looks very real
Lovely Spreng Ben.... Very nice!  Peace!
What a grand old tree. Interesting photo!
Magnifique et gigantesque cet arbre.
Beautiful
What could be more beautiful to me than an old spreading tree on a mossy rock wall??? Well, hardly anything!....Love, love, love this!!!...:)
Absolument merveilleux !
wonderful image!
Very beautiful!!!!!
Like this great picture of an impressive tree! Thank you so mich for your friendly comments on my pictures :-)
Fabulous Capture!
truly grotesque
